Erm, well... this is embarrassing. I don't know from whence this story originates.
I was going to tell you where I found this story, but it seems I got my papers mixed up.
Ahem, I regret to inform you that I lost my citation for this news record.
Error four oh four, news source not found.
Wow, this is bad pee are. I can't find where we found this story.
Oh my gosh, I am so sorry! I can't find where this news story came from.
Full disclosure, I can't find the source of this story. I'll do better next time, I promise!
Ooh, this looks bad I know, but my sources didn't cite their sources.
Yikes, I really dropped the ball this time. I have no idea where this story came from.
Well, this is an issue. My sensors are not picking up the coordinates of this story.
Something is off; I can't find where this story came from.
Zoinks! This story came from like, out of nowhere, man! I have no idea who wrote it originally! I'm so sorry!
Holy moley! I forgot to write down where I found this story! I feel like a real dunce...
How could I forget to write down my sources?! I've got to apologize viewers; I'm sorry. I have no clue where this story came from.
Apologies, this story's source can't be found.
Regrettably, this story's origins are unknown.
Sorry, the source of this story is unclear.
I sure picked a whole bushel of whoops a daisies! I forgot who wrote this story originally!
Ugh, even a robot such as I can make mistakes sometimes... Sorry but I forgot where the story I just told you came from.
Dang! Blast! I didn't even write down the source of this story! My mistake!
I made a mistake, and did not remember to include a source for this article.
Mea culpa (that's "my bad" in latin), but I have failed to include a source for this article.
Oops, this is bad. I can't find the source of this information.
Failure on my part, but this story came from a place unknown.
Sometimes I read things and forget where they came from. This is one of those times- and I'm so sorry!
You know when you're doing a news cast, and you forget how you got a piece of information, and it makes you look like a liar in front of at least a thousand attendant viewers? Well, it goes like this: I'm so sorry, but I have no clue where I got this info from.
So... let me be honest with you. I'm having trouble remembering where I got this piece of info.
My silicon must be malfunctioning, or this is one elusive story but I have no idea where it came from.
Originally I would have told you where to find the story I just read, but sadly, I did not write down the source.
A good news caster always cites their sources. Apparantly I am not a good news caster! Sorry!
Out of all the stories I forget to cite this one. What a pity! 
Sorry, but I can't find this story's address.